family what's up look I'm going to be
leaving here on screen the tweet
that gloria camila dedicated to the
magazine lectura okay since I'm
directly the director like giving him a
sack I just realized that look at
kiko jiménez for a fuchsia dress
with those colors that we've been wearing
lately no well here's yours
gloria camila where it says well that it's
worth it for the magazine to
interview someone without credibility
but I'm telling you or so gloria camila no
matter how much you complicate your life anyone
who goes
against antonio and in favor of rocio
carrasco for lectura is going to have
credibility family what do you think of the
noise the comments box is being read I
send you a huge hug